README.md, before:

# <img src="src/CSharp-Toolkit-Icon.png" alt="C# Toolkit" width="64px" /> Modern.CSharp.Templates
A toolkit of modern [dotnet new templates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new) for C# 11, .NET 7, Microsoft Orleans 7, Windows App SDK and Uno Platform

Templates:
- **mcs-editorconfig** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Modern.CSharp.Templates/blob/main/Editorconfig.md)<br />
  *Settings for C# 11 code formatting, style, naming style and analysis.
Promotes conciseness, readability and leveraging the latest language features.
(can also be used with C# 10)*

- **mcs-winui3-app** [doc](https://github.com/VincentH-Net/CSharpForMarkup#readme)<br />
  *WinUI 3 C# Markup 2 application solution template for building browser / native UI with Windows App SDK and/or Uno Platform*

- **mcs-winui3-view** [doc](https://github.com/VincentH-Net/CSharpForMarkup#readme)<br />
  *WinUI 3 C# Markup 2 view item template, for use with the `mcs-winui3-app` template via it's `New-View.ps1` command*

- **mcs-orleans-results** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Results#readme)<br />
  *Concise, version-tolerant result pattern implementation for Microsoft Orleans 7*

- **mcs-orleans-multiservice** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Multiservice#readme)<br />
  *Prevent microservices pain with logical service separation for Microsoft Orleans 7*

The Orleans templates can be combined with [Orleans.Multitenant](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Multitenant) for secure, flexible tenant separation in Microsoft Orleans 7

For how to install, see:<br />
[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Modern.CSharp.Templates?color=gold&label=NuGet:%20Modern.CSharp.Templates&style=plastic)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Modern.CSharp.Templates)

Commit message:

- add mcs-uno-markup2 project template for C# Markup 2 with .NET 8/7 and Uno Platform 5 - remove obsolete templates mcs-winui3-app and mcs-winui3-view (for now)

README.md, after:

# <img src="src/CSharp-Toolkit-Icon.png" alt="C# Toolkit" width="64px" /> Modern.CSharp.Templates
A toolkit of modern [dotnet new templates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new) for C# 12/11, .NET 8/7, Microsoft Orleans 7, Windows App SDK and Uno Platform 5

Templates:
- **mcs-editorconfig** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Modern.CSharp.Templates/blob/main/Editorconfig.md)<br />
  *Settings for C# 11 code formatting, style, naming style and analysis.
Promotes conciseness, readability and leveraging the latest language features.
(can also be used with C# 10)*

- **mcs-uno-markup2** [doc](https://github.com/VincentH-Net/CSharpForMarkup#readme)<br />
  *Project that adds concise C# Markup 2 to a Uno Platform 5 Solution (.NET 8/7)*

- **mcs-orleans-results** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Results#readme)<br />
  *Concise, version-tolerant result pattern implementation for Microsoft Orleans 7*

- **mcs-orleans-multiservice** [doc](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Multiservice#readme)<br />
  *Prevent microservices pain with logical service separation for Microsoft Orleans 7*

The Orleans templates can be combined with [Orleans.Multitenant](https://github.com/Applicita/Orleans.Multitenant) for secure, flexible tenant separation in Microsoft Orleans 7

For how to install, see:<br />
[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Modern.CSharp.Templates?color=gold&label=NuGet:%20Modern.CSharp.Templates&style=plastic)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Modern.CSharp.Templates)
