src/Uno-Markup2/AppProjectFolderName.Markup/Readme.md, before:

﻿# Welcome to C# Markup 2 for Uno Platform

This C# Markup 2 project was created with the command:

```bat
dotnet new mcs-uno-markup2 --AppProjectName AppProjectFolderName --AppRootNamespace NamespacePrefix --DotNetVersion DotNetMonikerVersion
```

The `mcs-uno-markup2` template used came from NuGet `Modern.CSharp.Templates` version 1.4.2

## Test the Markup project

To start working with the Markup project, follow these steps:

1. Copy all `<TargetFrameworks ... />` elements from your Uno application project file to your markup project file; they should be identical
   (by default the markup project targets all platforms supported by Uno).

   **TIP** If you get a lot of green squiggles while editing the Uno application project's `.cs` files, ensure that the Uno application project contains this property setting (it is already in the Markup project):
   ```xml
    <PropertyGroup>
        <!-- Prevent false positives for warning CA1416; see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1416 -->
        <GenerateAssemblyInfo>true</GenerateAssemblyInfo>
    </PropertyGroup>
   ```

2. By default the Markup project uses the Uno extensions for [MVUX](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/Mvux/Overview.html) and [navigation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/Navigation/NavigationOverview.html). If you made different choices in the [Uno Platform Solution Template Wizard](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/get-started-vs-2022.html#install-the-solution-templates), or made changes afterwards, remove any unused NuGet packages from the Markup project (the `CSharpMarkup.WinUI.Uno.*` package names correspond 1 on 1 with `Uno.*` package names).

3. To quickly try out the `ExamplePage`, add it to your navigation.
   
   If you are using `Uno.Extensions.Navigation`, you can do this by adding these lines in `App.cs`:
   
   At the top:
   ```csharp
   using NamespacePrefix.Markup;
   ```

   In the `RegisterRoutes` method:
   ```csharp
    views.Register(
        //...
        new DataViewMap<ExamplePage, ExampleModel, string>() // Add this line
    );

    routes.Register(
        // ...
        new RouteMap("Example", View: views.FindByViewModel<ExampleModel>()) // Add this line
        // ...
    );
   ```

   And finally add these lines in an existing model to navigate to the `ExamplePage`:
   ```csharp
   using NamespacePrefix.Markup;
   ```
   ...
   ```csharp
    await _navigator.NavigateViewModelAsync<ExampleModel>(this, data: "Hello World from C# Markup 2!");
   ```

## Add more pages
Initially the `ExamplePage` serves as a template. Once you have your own pages, you can use those as templates and remove the `Example*.cs` files.
1. Copy, paste and rename `ExamplePage.cs`; your IDE should include `ExamplePage.logic.cs` automatically.
2. Manually rename the `ExamplePage` class in the copied files (automatic rename would rename the class in the original files as well).

## Hot Reload - Automatic & Manual
Enjoy the fastest and most stable C# Hot Reload, with automatic UI updates, by debugging the **Unpackaged** Windows target. This is a good reason to keep the Windows target even if you don't deploy it.

The template contains code to overlay a 🔥 button in debug builds. This button lets you manually trigger a page rebuild, for cases where the IDE reports that C# hot reload succeeded but the UI does not update automatically.

## More info
See the [Readme in the GitHub CSharpForMarkup repo](https://github.com/VincentH-Net/CSharpForMarkup#c-markup-2) for an overview of features, usage examples and best practices

NJoy *concise* C# Markup 2 - the next-gen C# Markup for Uno!

Commit message:

Better workaround for hotreload issues: use EnableSourceControlManagerQueries build property instead of GenerateAssemblyInfo

src/Uno-Markup2/AppProjectFolderName.Markup/Readme.md, after:

﻿# Welcome to C# Markup 2 for Uno Platform

This C# Markup 2 project was created with the command:

```bat
dotnet new mcs-uno-markup2 --AppProjectName AppProjectFolderName --AppRootNamespace NamespacePrefix --DotNetVersion DotNetMonikerVersion
```

The `mcs-uno-markup2` template used came from NuGet `Modern.CSharp.Templates` version 1.4.2

## Test the Markup project

To start working with the Markup project, follow these steps:

1. Copy all `<TargetFrameworks ... />` elements from your Uno application project file to your markup project file; they should be identical
   (by default the markup project targets all platforms supported by Uno).

   **TIP** If you get a lot of green squiggles from warning `CA1416` while editing `.cs` files, and you see these lines in  `Directory.Build.props`:

   ```xml
    <!-- Required for Hot Reload (See https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.templates/issues/376) -->
    <GenerateAssemblyInfo Condition="'$(Configuration)'=='Debug'">false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>
   ```

   replace them with:

   ```xml
    <!-- Workaround to prevent Hot Reload failures in some scenario's 
         See https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/36666#issuecomment-1814835637
         Note that this will be fixed in the next .NET SDK release; this workaround can be removed after updating -->
    <EnableSourceControlManagerQueries>true</EnableSourceControlManagerQueries>
   ```

2. By default the Markup project uses the Uno extensions for [MVUX](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/Mvux/Overview.html) and [navigation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/Navigation/NavigationOverview.html). If you made different choices in the [Uno Platform Solution Template Wizard](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/get-started-vs-2022.html#install-the-solution-templates), or made changes afterwards, you can remove the example code and any unused NuGet packages from the Markup project (the `CSharpMarkup.WinUI.Uno.*` package names correspond 1 on 1 with `Uno.*` package names).

3. To quickly try out the `ExamplePage`, add it to your navigation.
   
   If you are using `Uno.Extensions.Navigation`, you can do this by adding these lines in `App.cs`:
   
   At the top:
   ```csharp
   using NamespacePrefix.Markup;
   ```

   In the `RegisterRoutes` method:
   ```csharp
    views.Register(
        //...
        new DataViewMap<ExamplePage, BindableExampleModel, string>() // Add this line
    );

    routes.Register(
        // ...
        new RouteMap("Example", View: views.FindByViewModel<BindableExampleModel>()) // Add this line
        // ...
    );
   ```

   And finally add these lines in an existing model to navigate to the `ExamplePage`:
   ```csharp
   using NamespacePrefix.Markup;
   ```
   ...
   ```csharp
    await _navigator.NavigateViewModelAsync<BindableExampleModel>(this, data: "Hello World from C# Markup 2!");
   ```

   **NOTE** As a workaround for [this Uno issue](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.extensions/issues/924#issuecomment-1822337527), we are using the generated `Bindable*` model type in above lines, instead of the model type itself. After this gets fixed, you can use the model type instead of the bindable model type.

## Add more pages
Initially the `ExamplePage` serves as a template. Once you have your own pages, you can use those as templates and remove the `Example*.cs` files.
1. Copy, paste and rename `ExamplePage.cs`; your IDE should include `ExamplePage.logic.cs` automatically.
2. Manually rename the `ExamplePage` class in the copied files (automatic rename would rename the class in the original files as well).

## C# Hot Reload - Automatic & Manual
Enjoy the fastest and most stable C# Hot Reload, with automatic UI updates, by debugging the **Unpackaged** Windows target. This is a good reason to keep the Windows target even if you don't deploy it.

C# Hot Reload does work to some extent in more target platforms, however the UI does not yet update automatically in all platforms, due to issues in Visual Studio.

The template contains code to overlay a 🔥 button in debug builds. This button lets you manually trigger a page rebuild, for cases where the IDE reports that C# hot reload succeeded but the UI does not update automatically.

## More info
See the [Readme in the GitHub CSharpForMarkup repo](https://github.com/VincentH-Net/CSharpForMarkup#c-markup-2) for an overview of features, usage examples and best practices

NJoy *concise* C# Markup 2 - the next-gen C# Markup for Uno!
